1 PERSONAL DETAILS Full name Pham Ngoc An Gender Male Citizenship Vietnamese Country of Residence Vietnam PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Knowledge about Cloud infrastructure: Azure, AWS Knowledge of Docker Basic knowledge of Database SQL Have the ability to analyze, learn and handle problems EDUCATION Academy of Cryptography techniques – Major: Information security (2015 – 2020) SKILLS Programming Languages: Bash, Python DevOps: GitCI/CD, Jenkins" Gitlab CI, GitHub" GitLab Infrastructure: Ansible, Kubernetes, Docker Cloud: AWS, Azure 2 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Sphinx JSC March 2021 to present. Role: DevSecOps Engineer Responsibilities: On-premise system - Implementing infrastructure as code, using Ansible. - Deploy Wazuh and security system for PCI DSS Requirements. - Convert the entire monitoring system using TIG to the Prometheus and Victoriametrics stack. - Building zero trust model using Teleport. - Supported development teams by building, maintaining, and scaling infrastructure to support applications that are used by millions of users. Cloud system. - Implemented CI/CD using Gitlab-ci and Jenkins tool - Migrate app to Kubernetes using EKS for Mykiot and Booking project. - Managed 100% of existing AWS Cloud environments, automation, monitoring metrics, disaster recovery/backups, and capacity planning Luxstay Viet Nam March 2020 to March 2021 Role: DevOps Engineer Responsibilities: - Deploy, build CI/CD process for dev using Gitlab-ci - Training to operate CI/CD, Kubernetes for dev. - Converting systems from native systems to using Kubernetes. - Operating system on Gcloud: compute, bucket, proxy,... - Build system on AWS and convert service from Gcloud to AWS. - Optimize Docker le for projects using multi stage build. - Optimize the con guration parameters of Php-fpm, Nginx according to best practices. - Build process and system CI/CD using Gitlab-ci for Freamework Moleculer, Laravel, Php. - Build monitoring and alert systems with Prometheus and Victoriametrics. Research and development - Research on system performance optimization tools: perf, bpftrace - Research tools for Kubernetes such as HPA, kustomize, service mesh istio solution, solo. Five9 Vietnam Corporation February 2019 to March 2020 Role: DevOps Engineer Responsibilities: Deploying and operating service systems: 3 - Deploying IBM Cloud Private system for production infrastructure. - Building Object storage and Block Storage systems using Ceph. - Convert kubernetes system from IBM Cloud Private to Rancher2.x. - Build CI / CD system, and Devops process using Gitlab-ci for projects on php, Java, AngularJS, nodejs. - Integrating Sonaqube, Sentry, hashicorp-vault for CI / CD system. - Building Logs system using ELK stack, Monitor using Prometheus, Grafana, integrating Wazuh safety monitoring system into logs system. - Build the Mem Service: Redis Sentinel, Rabbitmq Cluster. - Building automation system using Ansible and AWX for telecommunication partners. - Automate deployment with Ansible installation and con guration management for system services such as ELK, Nginx, Rabbitmq, Redis, Mysql-replication. Research and development ferry - Openstack Research. - Researching API Gateway solutions: Kong, Tyk, Ambassador. - Researching the single sign on solution: Keycloak. Appota Corporation February 2019 to March 2020 Role: System administrator Responsibilities: Build and maintain service systems: - Deploy a new load balancing system using Nginx, Haproxy and Keepalived. - Maintain and optimize the database system using Mysql and MongoDB to serve websites. - Deploying CI-CD system for PHP projects, NodeJS uses Gitlab-CI for physical environment and containers using docker and kubernetes. - Using Ansible to manage and install new services for Openstack, Mysql, MongoDB, Nginx,... - Maintain and deploy the monitor system of Zabbix, Prometheus, Nagios. Build infrastructure systems: - Administered VMware vSphere environment - Research and build private cloud and public cloud systems using Openstack. Research and development ferry - Researching docker, Kubernetes, converted rancher 1.6 system to Kubernetes, CI / CD implementation tools, Openstack. PERSONAL PROJECT 2020-2021: Wi coin - Deploy services on AWS cloud infrastructure with services: Opswork, s3, ec2 - Using Chef automation for Radius, VPN server - Develop unlang for freeradius service. 2021-now: Sumologic - Contribute monitoring dashboard overview and detail, alerts, docs for Sumologic's app catalog.