1 PERSONAL DETAILS Full Name Hoang Thi Thu Huong Year of Birth 1996 Gender Female Citizenship Vietnamese Country of Residence Vietnam PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 3 years' experience of software testing Experience of analyzing test design, test plan, test strategy, check list, test viewpoint, test case, bug report and system document (user requirement analyzing, system design analyzing, user guide document…) Domain: web app testing, mobile testing, API Good logical thinking Good at communication, negotiation Ability to work under pressure and meet tight deadlines Work under high pressure environment Have automation testing's knowledge with Katalon Dynamic, flexible, able to work independently and in teams Test Management Tools: Jira, Excel, SVN, Google sheet Test Level: Integration Test, System Test, Function Test, User Acceptance Test Databases: MySQL, SQL server Language: English Certificate: ISTQB Foundation EDUCATION ACADEMY OF CRYPTOGRAPHY TECHNIQUE Major: INFOMATION SECURITY 2014-2019 EXPERIENCE 1. Sphinx JSC 11/2021 – Now Project: Verify Trusted Description: The platform allows building a customer feedback channel, and also synthesizes and collects feedback from other channels. Easily embed to the business website, bringing very effective information to potential customers afterward. 2 Role: Tester Responsibilities: Analysis and review requirement, Q&A Write test cases Execute test (web, mobile, API) Log bugs and tracking bug on Jira tool Report test results Support other members 08/2021 – 11/2021 Project: dApp Description: Connecting Centralized and Decentralized Trading Platforms Worldwide, to bridge the gap between centralized and decentralized exchanges by building a leading Defi platform with an innovative cross-platform reward system that helps users maximize the value of their funds Role: Tester Responsibilities: Analysis and review requirement, Q&A Write test cases Execute test, log bugs and tracking bug on management tool Report test results 2. SmartOSC Fintech 08/2020 – 08/2021 Project: eKYC Description: By using AI technology, identify customers through facial photos and information on photos of identity documents in order to shorten the system's customer authentication time Role: Tester Responsibilities: Analysis and review requirement as BA, Q&A Create test cases and update test cases Create data test, using photoshop tool Write automation test script for API with Postman 3 API testing (Postman tool) Function testing (mobile app) Check data on DB Log bugs (Jira tool) Verify bugs, regression test. Report issue and progress to Leader. Customer support Support team members Coordinate with other team members. Working on Agile scrum model Project: OSIM Ecommerce Description: Electronic commerce website selling massage devices using Sitecore for supporting order to create and manage data Role: Tester Responsibilities: Analyze SRS and Q&A Enter content on Sitecore Create test design, create and update test case Review testcase of other members Execute web testing (function, UX, UI), test DB on Sitecore Verify bug and regression test. Report issue and progress to Leader. Coordinate with other team members. Working on Agile scrum model Project: Risk Management Description: The system evaluates risks and scores customers based on the criteria and user behavior in order to shorten the approval time of records and reduce the rate of bad customers in the system Role: Tester Responsibilities: Analysis and review requirement as BA, Q&A Create test design, test cases, update test cases Review testcase of other members Execute API testing, Web testing (UX, UI), SQL query 4 Write Web UI automation script with Robot Framework Log bugs (Jira tool). Verify bugs, regression test. Report issue and progress to Leader Create user guide Coordinate with other team members Working on Agile scrum model 3. Harvey Nash Vietnam 04/2019 – 07/2020 Project: ISUS Description: A storage intermediary system that converts data between two or more systems, including APIs, stores and ensures security mechanisms between systems. Role: Tester Responsibilities: Analyze requirement and acceptance criteria. Create test cases, update test cases Execute API testing, Web testing (function, UI), SQL query Log bugs (Jira tool). Execute confirmation test and regression test. Report issue and progress to QC Lead. Coordinate with other team members. Working on Agile scrum model Project: Vision Australia Description: Library management system for the visually impaired on web and mobile. Help visually impaired people know the content of the book by converting text to speak when the user hovers over or touch the content. Role: Tester Responsibilities: Analyze requirement and acceptance criteria. Create test cases, update test cases Web testing (function, UI) and mobile testing (function, UI) Using Jaws tool 5 Log bug (Jira tool). Execute confirmation test and regression test. Report issue and progress to QC Lead. Coordinate with other team members. Working on Agile scrum model