1 PERSONAL DETAILS Full Name Nguyễn Hoàng Tùng Year of Birth 1986 Gender Male Citizenship Vietnamese Country of Residence Vietnam PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Experienced Scrum master with a keen ability to understand and build complex systems. I focus relentlessly on removing impediments from teams and delivering customer-centric products and features I have more than 10 years of experience in the software development industry and have delivered many software projects, including outsourcing projects, building products from scratch, or maintaining existing systems. I also have quite strong experience in Project Management and am familiar with Software DevelopmentLifeCycle(SDLC)orSoftwareDevelopmentMethodologiessuchasWaterfall, Prototyping, Agile/Scrum. Besides gathering business requirement skills & consulting in technical solutions to supportthe developmentofthoserequirements fromstakeholders,Ialsohaveexperience in scope management & negotiation based on actual team capacity to ensure delivery projects on time with high quality. Training, Coaching &Growing up teammember abilityas well asresponsibility ismy favorite, whichIbelievewillsupportmebackintermsofdeliveringprojectssuccessfully. Ioftenrelyonprojectindicators &reportsas wellbeforetakinganymanagement decision. EDUCATION Degree of Software Engineering – Hanoi University of Science and Technology. Higher Diplomain Software Engineering (HDSE) – AprotrainAptechEducation. SKILLS Project Management Agile/Scrum Coaching Scrum Master Product Management Business Analysis Design &Modelling Communication Problem Solving Fluent EnglishSkills CERTIFICATION Project Management – NIIT iNET Academy 2 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE WizeSolutions June 2019 -present Position: Project Manager / Scrum Master Description: Acted as a servant leader and coach for 3 Agile Scrum teams, ensuring the effective use and practice of Agile framework Managed 100% of the Scrum process from initiation to management to delivery Managed and supported all efforts of 3 development teams to simplify and enhance the customer experience. Support stakeholders to ensure the highest quality products to customers. Improve team velocity, throughput, burndown, and cumulative flow of 3 cross-functional teams. Responsible for budgeting and forecasting, expense reporting, risk management, status reporting, and execution Create project documentation and strategy plans Account for complete project lifecycle from inception to closure Collaborate with participants to determine project timeline Map projects for budget tracking FPT Software June 2018 – June 2019 Position: Agile/Scrum Master Description: Led Agile Scrum team dedicated to developing the digital and technology roadmap. Managed core Agile ceremonies in team environments: Sprint Planning, Daily Stand-up, Sprint Review, and Sprint Retrospectives. Coordinated and collaborated with 2 other product teams related to project dependencies and relationships. Ensured that 100% of inter-team risks, impediments, and blockers were identified, communicated, and resolved. Supported and educated product owners concerning grooming and maintaining product backlogs. Managed and reported on 100% of the task and activities assigned to the Scrum teams. 4 Tek-ExpertS Jun 2016 – Jun 2018 Position: Technical Project Manager Description: Working directly with customers and stakeholders on gathering business requirements, &technical solutions. Designing the product architect and algorithms for building function/features. Be responsible in project delivery progress by: o Propose project plan(WBS, resource allocation, timeline &scope) o Manage & monitor projectactivities. o Report project status to customers & higher managers. o Training & coaching team members. o Joining to interview candidates. PowerGate Jun 2015 – Apr 2016 Position: Technical Lead Description: Working directly with customers and stakeholders on gathering business requirements. As a Tech Lead: o Hand-over technical, transferred from Solution Architect (customer side). o Research, study, and share knowledge regarding techniques that be applied to projects. o Setting up infrastructures for the team working on. (Branching/Merging code branches, setting up environments for (DEV/Test/UAT/Pre-Production), making deployment scripts, ...) o Training & coaching team members. As a Project manager: o Be responsible for the project plan (WBS, resource allocation, timeline & scope) o Manage & monitor project activities. o Report project status to customers & higher managers. o Interview candidates for the team. Add-on Development Jul 2014 – May 2015 Position: .Net Developer Description: Research and share knowledge regarding technique and business logic of the product Support customers via email, Skype, TFS. Programing to develop new functions which be integrated into the current product. 5 Maintain the current product (fixing bugs, releasing hotfix versions). Support other team members. Aprotrain Aptech Education Mar 2011 – Jun 2014 Position: Software Programming Teacher Description: Researching technology &courses, transferred fromHeadquarter. Be directly engaged in teaching technical courses. Report student learning status. Support manager & marketing teamin defining process & monitor activities on running enrollment campaign. Ksystemk JSC Mar 2010 – Jan 2011 Position: Net Developer Description: As a developer: o Join to analysis, design, and develop new adding/adjusting features integrated into the current ERP system. o Programming assigned tasks. As a customer consultant: o Training, supporting users to use the current ERP system. o Collecting feedback and describing additional requirements from customers.