1 PERSONAL DETAILS Full Name Nguyen Hoang Hao Gender Male Citizenship Vietnamese Country of Residence Vietnam PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Around 6 years' experiences in software development. Experience with ASP.NET MVC, Linq, Entity Framework, Dapper, SignalR and RESTFul API EDUCATION Computer Science – University of Engineering and Technology, Viet Nam National University, Ha Noi (2012 - 2016) TECHNICAL SKILLS ASP.NET MVC, Linq, Entity Framework, Dapper, SignalR and RESTFul Api, C# (ASP.Net Framework and ASP.Net Core), ReactJS, Javascript & Type-script. Database management systems: SQL Server, MySQL, Mongo dB, Redis, Memcached, Memory Cache. Integrate service: AWS service. Source code management tool: Git, SVN. Build CICD for project with AWS CICD, Jenkin. Build system follow model layer 3, micro services architecture Analysis and design solution from requirements Implement designed solution Making document for project (DB Design, Detail Design, Architecture design, Source code analysis, Installation guide, API document) Professional Experience SPHINX JSC April 2022 to present. Role: Software Developer VMO JSC 2019 to 2021 Role: Software Developer Toshiba Software Development VietNam 2016 to 2019. Role: Software Developer 2 Highlight Projects Electric Toll Collection Terminal System (ETC) Project Description - Electric Toll Collection Terminal is a technological implementation of road pricing that permits vehicles to pay highway tolls automatically. Team size 10 persons Position .Net Developer Responsibility - Develop log collector and log management module for ETC system - Develop software for main controller of ETC system - Make detail design - Write unit test - Optimize and improve performance for some functions - Fix bugs. Technologies used Asp.Net , SQL Server, WPF BizVoice Call Text System Project Description BizVoice Call Text System is used to stream conversation between customer call center receptionist on the call center server ,convert their conversations to text and analyze their conversations to make a call bot. Team size 8 persons Position .Net Developer Responsibility - Develop web application under the direction of the project manager - Communicate with customer - Make detail design - Write unit test - Optimize and improve performance for some functions - Fix bugs. Technologies used ASP.Net, REST API, SignalR, SQL Server, AWS Walk in Home Project Description Walk-In Home is a toolset for Japanese architects to create house model design. My teams have developed a desktop app using for Japanese architects to create houses model and a website for Japanese architects to upload construction drawings and a mobile application for customers to download data from the website and view the 3D model of construction drawings. Team size 20 persons Position .Net Developer Responsibility - Convert old desktop application (developed by MFC) to new desktop application (developed by WPF). - Develop web application and new module of mobile app. - Write unit test - Fix bugs. Technologies used ASP.NET, WPF, MFC, C++, C#, Unity, OpenGL 3 B2B Online System Project Description B2B Online System includes 3 sub-systems: Web API, window application, and mobile application. B2B Online System help doctor reduce mistake and workload when they input and calculate general heal check information. Team size 10 persons Position Net Developer Responsibility - Design architecture, database schema, coding convention for project - Develop web and desktop applications based on the requirement of customer - Communicate with customer Technologies used WPF, .NET core, Rest API, MySQL Output Point Module (OPM project) Project Description We develop software to convert OPM files to KYJOB files and draw electronic components in OPM files on the screen. (OPM file is a file type defined by Siemens to store data of electronic components. KYJOB files is a file type defined by my customer to store data of electronic components and run on an Automated optical inspection machine to see electronic components. Team size 3 persons Position .Net Developer Responsibility - Make architecture design - Make detail design - Develop desktop applications. - Write unit test - Make CI/CD for the project. - Write user manual. Technologies used WPF, C#, OpenGL JTB Cresco Ticket System Project Description JTB Cresco Ticket System is a system allow user to buy train tickets, airplane tickets, book hotels, rent a car … Team size 15 persons Position .Net Developer Responsibility - Develop web applications, API - Support team member resolve problems - Fix bug receive from tester - Design server less architecture and convert some module to AWS lambda functions. - Write Cloud formation to setup and manage AWS resources. Technologies used ASP.Net, REST API, SQL Server, AWS.